docs: add workspace flag in rename formula command (#115)
ZupIT/docs-ritchie: content/en/Standard Inputs/Core Commands.md

rit rename formula

```text
rit rename formula --oldName="rit group old" --newName="rit group new" --workspace="workspace_name"
```

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> The workspace flag will be required when the formula is found in more than one workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workspace flag will be required when you find a formula in more than one workspace.
```
